[oneTBB] Improve limiter_node decrementer spec (#338)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/flow_graph/limiter_node_cls.rst

will be decreased, while negative values determine the value by which the internal
counter of broadcasts will be increased.

> If ``continue_msg`` is used as an argument for ``DecrementType`` template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ``continue_msg`` is used as an argument for the ``DecrementType`` template
```

> parameter then the ``decrementer``'s port of the ``limiter_node`` also acquires the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter, the ``decrementer``'s port of the ``limiter_node`` also acquires the
```

> behavior of the continue_node, requiring the number of messages sent to it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
behavior of the ``continue_node``. This behavior requires the number of messages sent to it
```

Reviewer: Not sure what here **requires the number...** . If it's not the behavior but ``continue_node``, try just **It requires the...**

> be equal to the number of connected predecessors before it decreases the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be equal to the number of connected predecessors before decrementing the
```

will be decreased, while negative values determine the value by which the internal
counter of broadcasts will be increased.

If as a template parameter ``DecrementType`` used ``continue_msg`` then the ``limiter_node``
also acquires the behavior of the ``continue_node``.
Internal threshold of the ``limiter_node`` decreases only when the decrementer receives
the number of messages equal to the number of connected to decrementer predecessors.
The ``continue_msg`` sent to the decrementer

> decreases the internal counter of expected messages from predecessors by one.

Reviewer 2: Let's rewrite a bit:

If ``continue_msg`` is used as an argument for ``DecrementType`` template
parameter then the ``decrementer``'s port of the ``limiter_node`` also acquires the
behavior of the ``continue_node``, requiring the number of messages sent to it
be equal to the number of connected predecessors before it decreases the
internal counter of broadcasts by one.
